So yesterday, Apple released their new design system called Liquid Glass. And it's a new sort of fun take on UI design. It's a bit more happy-go-lucky. It's a bit more fresh. It's a bit more, wouldn't say modern, but it's something else. It adds some flair to some otherwise boring UI design. It's nice. I like it. I'm not going to comment on whether or not it's nice for accessibility and for reading small texts and so on. I think that the people from Apple have tested it out, probably. I hope so. But that's not the point. We're here for trying to see if we can actually mimic this design in CSS, in plain good old HTML and CSS. Let's see how far we can actually go in order to sort of give somewhat the same look that the guys from Apple have achieved. Let's try. So here we are inside Nordcraft, and let's see if we can replicate this nice liquid glass design. So I have a plain old box here, a plain old diff container with some rounded corners, and there's no styling applied to it whatsoever. Let's try and see if we can mimic the ones I've already made right here. can just see them, actually. Let's test it out a bit. You can see no funny background stuff happening on this particular diff container, but this one got all the magic applied to it, right? Let's see if we can mimic this one. So first of all, I will need to actually create a different background. I need to add some opacity to this background, and it's done under the color settings on the background itself. Let's do 0.3, maybe. That's a bit too much, 0.4, 0.6. Let's keep it as such, 0.6, yeah. And then for this effect to really work, we need to apply sort of this blurriness to the background. And this is done by utilizing this advanced CS property called, is it called Backdrop. filter right and then it's blur something blur 5 pixel let's try that and yeah you can see now it's starting to look like something right you got this nice blur effect on our background super cool but as you can see we have this sort of small highlights in the top left corner and in the bottom right corner. Let's see if we can replicate that. Yeah, so to add these sort of corner effects, we need to go into Effects. And it's right here. And I will add an inner shadow. It should be white, of course, with some alpha value set, 0.7. Let's go for that. And as I recall, these small highlights are done by Using these values, a spread, negative spread, and a blur of one. Yeah, you can see something happened in this right corner, left corner, sorry, up here. Let's see if we can add it in the opposite corner. The sort of the way they do Apple in this liquid glass effect, they mimic that light is being shined upon this glass object. Let's see if we can replicate it in the bottom half here. adding a new effect. I think it's negative pixels now, same blur amount, negative spread maybe. Let's see, I'm not sure. And then it's going to be inside, of course, and also white with the alpha level of 0.7. Let's see where this takes us. Yes, now we got the 2 corners, the top left and the bottom right. Cool, let's just add a plain old drop shadow. So we're just stacking effects upon effects right here, effect, and then outside, and make it a bit more heavy, point four, and then let's have it go 8 vertical and blurred, 24 pixels. Yeah, that's something. So now we're getting closer to Apple's own sort of liquid glass effect. cool. Let's actually can see here in the top, there's a small gradient. Let's add a fourth and last effect to this DivContainer. So it's an inside effect, and let's make it 4 pixel vertical and blurred oh eight and eight here and of course let's make it white and with an alpha level assigned to it so yeah now we got this top shine right here you can see It blurs out the background nicely and we add this sort of mimicked glass effect. So this new sort of design system made up by Apple is actually not something new. It's called glassmorphism and has been around for quite a few years actually. The thing is that Apple has applied a very nice version of it. I think they have some 3day rendering going on in the background or something fancy as that. But the concept as such has been around for quite some time. You can go to Dribbble and you can find multiple versions of how this sort of frosted glass effect can be applied to your own UI design. So yeah, give it a go, have some fun, and see if you can improve on Apple's own liquid glass system. See you guys, bye bye.